RTIR integration: allow updating the MemberOf/Members (#32288)
demisto/content: Packs/RTIR/ReleaseNotes/1_0_20.md

#### Integrations
##### RTIR

> - added *memebers*, *member-of* arguments to **rtir-create-ticket** and  **rtir-edit-ticket** commands to updating the MemberOf and HasMembers fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- added the *members* and *member-of* arguments to **rtir-create-ticket** and  **rtir-edit-ticket** commands to allow setting of the MemberOf and HasMembers fields.
```
